It won’t be long
Before this place is mine
Fù Jiā Hào, what the hell do you mean?
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family has returned
She’s the
True heir of Qín Shì Group
And now she’s secured
The chairman’s position at Qín Shì
You and Qín Fēng
Will soon be kicked out of Qín Shì
Becoming rats scurrying across the street
Everyone wants to crush
You know the Eldest Miss Qín
Is taking the chairman’s position
How?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
For the sake of our past closeness
Kneel down now
And kowtow to apologize
I’ll consider
Letting you stay at Qín Shì
As a janitor
Whether I leave Qín Shì or not
Isn’t for you to decide
You probably don’t know yet
I’m now
The fiancé of the Eldest Miss Qín
This entire Qín Shì
Won’t be long
Before it’s mine
You?
You think you can climb up to the Eldest Miss Qín?
Who said I didn’t hit it off
With the Eldest Miss Qín at first sight?